experiment	item	condition	Attachment	Status	Animacy	Outer	Inner	text	question	qType	design	record
rcent5	1	1	Subject	Grammatical	Animate	ObjectExtracted	ObjectExtracted	The carpenter that the craftsman that the peasant carried hurt supervised the apprentice.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	1	2	Both	Grammatical	Animate	ObjectExtracted	ObjectExtracted	The carpenter that the craftsman hurt supervised the apprentice that the peasant carried.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	1	3	Object	Grammatical	Animate	ObjectExtracted	ObjectExtracted	The carpenter supervised the apprentice that the craftsman that the peasant carried hurt.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	1	4	Object	Grammatical	Animate	SubjectExtracted	SubjectExtracted	The carpenter supervised the apprentice that hurt the craftsman that carried the peasant.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	1	5	Both	Grammatical	Animate	SubjectExtracted	SubjectExtracted	The carpenter that hut the craftsman supervised the apprentice that carried the peasant.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	2	1	Subject	Grammatical	Animate	ObjectExtracted	ObjectExtracted	The mother that the daughter that the sister found frightened greeted the grandmother.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	2	2	Both	Grammatical	Animate	ObjectExtracted	ObjectExtracted	The mother that the daughter frightened greeted the grandmother that the sister found.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	2	3	Object	Grammatical	Animate	ObjectExtracted	ObjectExtracted	The mother greeted the grandmother that the daughter that the sister found frightened.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	2	4	Object	Grammatical	Animate	SubjectExtracted	SubjectExtracted	The mother greeted the grandmother that frightened the daughter that found the sister.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	2	5	Both	Grammatical	Animate	SubjectExtracted	SubjectExtracted	The mother that frightened the daughter greeted the grandmother that found the sister.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	3	1	Subject	Grammatical	Animate	ObjectExtracted	ObjectExtracted	The worker that the tenant that the foreman looked for injured questioned the shepherd.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	3	2	Both	Grammatical	Animate	ObjectExtracted	ObjectExtracted	The worker that the tenant injured questioned the shepherd that the foreman looked for.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	3	3	Object	Grammatical	Animate	ObjectExtracted	ObjectExtracted	The worker questioned the shepherd that the tenant that the foreman looked for injured.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	3	4	Object	Grammatical	Animate	SubjectExtracted	SubjectExtracted	The worker questioned the shepherd that injured the tenant that looked for the foreman.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	3	5	Both	Grammatical	Animate	SubjectExtracted	SubjectExtracted	The worker that injured the tenant questioned the shepherd that looked for the foreman.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	4	1	Subject	Grammatical	Animate	ObjectExtracted	ObjectExtracted	The trader that the businessman that the professor hired confused annoyed the investor.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	4	2	Both	Grammatical	Animate	ObjectExtracted	ObjectExtracted	The trader that the businessman confused annoyed the investor that the professor hired.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	4	3	Object	Grammatical	Animate	ObjectExtracted	ObjectExtracted	The trader annoyed the investor that the businessman that the professor hired confused.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	4	4	Object	Grammatical	Animate	SubjectExtracted	SubjectExtracted	The trader annoyed the investor that confused the businessman that hired the professor.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	4	5	Both	Grammatical	Animate	SubjectExtracted	SubjectExtracted	The trader that confused the businessman annoyed the investor that hired the professor.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	5	1	Subject	Grammatical	Animate	ObjectExtracted	ObjectExtracted	The painter that the musician that the father missed sheltered cooked for the artist.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	5	2	Both	Grammatical	Animate	ObjectExtracted	ObjectExtracted	The painter that the musician sheltered cooked for the artist that the father missed.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	5	3	Object	Grammatical	Animate	ObjectExtracted	ObjectExtracted	The painter cooked for the artist that the musician that the father missed sheltered.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	5	4	Object	Grammatical	Animate	SubjectExtracted	SubjectExtracted	The painter cooked for the artist that sheltered the musician that missed the father.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	5	5	Both	Grammatical	Animate	SubjectExtracted	SubjectExtracted	The painter that sheltered the musician cooked for the artist that missed the father.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	6	1	Subject	Grammatical	Animate	ObjectExtracted	ObjectExtracted	The saxophonist that the trumpeter that the conductor brought along distracted thanked the violinist.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	6	2	Both	Grammatical	Animate	ObjectExtracted	ObjectExtracted	The saxophonist that the trumpeter distracted thanked the violinist that the conductor brought along.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	6	3	Object	Grammatical	Animate	ObjectExtracted	ObjectExtracted	The saxophonist thanked the violinist that the trumpeter that the conductor brought along distracted.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	6	4	Object	Grammatical	Animate	SubjectExtracted	SubjectExtracted	The saxophonist thanked the violinist that distracted the trumpeter that brought along the conductor.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	6	5	Both	Grammatical	Animate	SubjectExtracted	SubjectExtracted	The saxophonist that distracted the trumpeter thanked the violinist that brought along the conductor.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	7	1	Subject	Grammatical	Animate	ObjectExtracted	ObjectExtracted	The pharmacist that the optician that the stranger saw troubled questioned the customer.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	7	2	Both	Grammatical	Animate	ObjectExtracted	ObjectExtracted	The pharmacist that the optician troubled questioned the customer that the stranger saw.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	7	3	Object	Grammatical	Animate	ObjectExtracted	ObjectExtracted	The pharmacist questioned the customer that the optician that the stranger saw troubled.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	7	4	Object	Grammatical	Animate	SubjectExtracted	SubjectExtracted	The pharmacist questioned the customer that troubled the optician that saw the stranger.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	7	5	Both	Grammatical	Animate	SubjectExtracted	SubjectExtracted	The pharmacist that troubled the optician questioned the customer that saw the stranger.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	8	1	Subject	Grammatical	Animate	ObjectExtracted	ObjectExtracted	The cleaner that the janitor that the doctor recognized hurt surprised the patient.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	8	2	Both	Grammatical	Animate	ObjectExtracted	ObjectExtracted	The cleaner that the janitor hurt surprised the patient that the doctor recognized.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	8	3	Object	Grammatical	Animate	ObjectExtracted	ObjectExtracted	The cleaner surprised the patient that the janitor that the doctor recognized hurt.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	8	4	Object	Grammatical	Animate	SubjectExtracted	SubjectExtracted	The cleaner surprised the patient that hurt the janitor that recognized the doctor.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	8	5	Both	Grammatical	Animate	SubjectExtracted	SubjectExtracted	The cleaner that hurt the janitor surprised the patient that recognized the doctor.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	9	1	Subject	Grammatical	Animate	ObjectExtracted	ObjectExtracted	The dancer that the singer that the bystander admired hurt tipped the doorman.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	9	2	Both	Grammatical	Animate	ObjectExtracted	ObjectExtracted	The dancer that the singer hurt tipped the doorman that the bystander admired.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	9	3	Object	Grammatical	Animate	ObjectExtracted	ObjectExtracted	The dancer tipped the doorman that the singer that the bystander admired hurt.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	9	4	Object	Grammatical	Animate	SubjectExtracted	SubjectExtracted	The dancer tipped the doorman that hurt the singer that admired the bystander.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	9	5	Both	Grammatical	Animate	SubjectExtracted	SubjectExtracted	The dancer that hurt the singer tipped the doorman that admired the bystander.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	10	1	Subject	Grammatical	Animate	ObjectExtracted	ObjectExtracted	The artist that the sportsman that the guard shouted at annoyed instructed the newscaster.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	10	2	Both	Grammatical	Animate	ObjectExtracted	ObjectExtracted	The artist that the sportsman annoyed instructed the newscaster that the guard shouted at.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	10	3	Object	Grammatical	Animate	ObjectExtracted	ObjectExtracted	The artist instructed the newscaster that the sportsman that the guard shouted at annoyed.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	10	4	Object	Grammatical	Animate	SubjectExtracted	SubjectExtracted	The artist instructed the newscaster that annoyed the sportsman that shouted at the guard.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	10	5	Both	Grammatical	Animate	SubjectExtracted	SubjectExtracted	The artist that annoyed the sportsman instructed the newscaster that shouted at the guard.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	11	1	Subject	Grammatical	Animate	ObjectExtracted	ObjectExtracted	The clerk that the bureaucrat that the visitor had forgotten about helped annoyed the neighbor.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	11	2	Both	Grammatical	Animate	ObjectExtracted	ObjectExtracted	The clerk that the bureaucrat helped annoyed the neighbor that the visitor had forgotten about.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	11	3	Object	Grammatical	Animate	ObjectExtracted	ObjectExtracted	The clerk annoyed the neighbor that the bureaucrat that the visitor had forgotten about helped.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	11	4	Object	Grammatical	Animate	SubjectExtracted	SubjectExtracted	The clerk annoyed the neighbor that helped the bureaucrat that had forgotten about the visitor.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	11	5	Both	Grammatical	Animate	SubjectExtracted	SubjectExtracted	The clerk that helped the bureaucrat annoyed the neighbor that had forgotten about the visitor.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	12	1	Subject	Grammatical	Animate	ObjectExtracted	ObjectExtracted	The son that the father that the teacher saw disturbed visited the grandfather.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	12	2	Both	Grammatical	Animate	ObjectExtracted	ObjectExtracted	The son that the father visited disturbed the grandfather that the teacher saw.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	12	3	Object	Grammatical	Animate	ObjectExtracted	ObjectExtracted	The son visited the grandfather that the father that the teacher saw disturbed.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	12	4	Object	Grammatical	Animate	SubjectExtracted	SubjectExtracted	The son visited the grandfather that disturbed the father that saw the teacher.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	12	5	Both	Grammatical	Animate	SubjectExtracted	SubjectExtracted	The son that visited the father disturbed the grandfather that saw the teacher.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	13	1	Subject	Grammatical	Animate	ObjectExtracted	ObjectExtracted	The conductor that the choirmaster that the worker ignored hit berated the musician.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	13	2	Both	Grammatical	Animate	ObjectExtracted	ObjectExtracted	The conductor that the choirmaster hit berated the musician that the worker ignored.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	13	3	Object	Grammatical	Animate	ObjectExtracted	ObjectExtracted	The conductor berated the musician that the choirmaster that the worker ignored hit.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	13	4	Object	Grammatical	Animate	SubjectExtracted	SubjectExtracted	The conductor berated the musician that hit the choirmaster that ignored the worker.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	13	5	Both	Grammatical	Animate	SubjectExtracted	SubjectExtracted	The conductor that hit the choirmaster berated the musician that ignored the worker.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	14	1	Subject	Grammatical	Animate	ObjectExtracted	ObjectExtracted	The defence that the prosecutor that the spy looked at surprised convinced the judge.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	14	2	Both	Grammatical	Animate	ObjectExtracted	ObjectExtracted	The defence that the prosecutor surprised convinced the judge that the spy looked at.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	14	3	Object	Grammatical	Animate	ObjectExtracted	ObjectExtracted	The defence convinced the judge that the prosecutor that the spy looked at surprised.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	14	4	Object	Grammatical	Animate	SubjectExtracted	SubjectExtracted	The defence convinced the judge that surprised the prosecutor that looked at the spy.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	14	5	Both	Grammatical	Animate	SubjectExtracted	SubjectExtracted	The defence that surprised the prosecutor convinced the judge that looked at the spy.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	15	1	Subject	Grammatical	Animate	ObjectExtracted	ObjectExtracted	The cousin that the brother that the peasant described pleased hated the uncle.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	15	2	Both	Grammatical	Animate	ObjectExtracted	ObjectExtracted	The cousin that the brother pleased hated the uncle that the peasant described.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	15	3	Object	Grammatical	Animate	ObjectExtracted	ObjectExtracted	The cousin hated the uncle that the brother that the peasant described pleased.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	15	4	Object	Grammatical	Animate	SubjectExtracted	SubjectExtracted	The cousin hated the uncle that pleased the brother that described the peasant.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y
rcent5	15	5	Both	Grammatical	Animate	SubjectExtracted	SubjectExtracted	The cousin that pleased the brother hated the uncle that described the peasant.	Do you think this sentence is an acceptable sentence of English?\n\n(1=completely unacceptable; 8=completely acceptable)	jm	LatinSquare	y